Hello all you dancers out there. I hope everyone is having a great summer and dancing your feet to the ground. I want to tell you what a great time I had at the National Square Dance Convention in Atlanta, Georgia.  My three grandchildren and I drove, yes drove to Atlanta and back.  What a great family experience.  The youth had a fantastic program, with a separate hall to dance it, and after parties that adults could join in with the youth.  The national callers where wonderful to dance to and very energetic.  I encourage any of you that have the opportunity to go next year, register and go, have fun and meet people from around the world.  Next year Nationals will be held close enough from several from the Northwest to attend, in Spokane, Washington.  You will not regret it.

Just an FYI, Rogue Sis Q Council has put out a challenge to all out there in the dancing community.  We are having a Raise the Roof Benefit dance for Beachcombers in Port Orford.  We are donating ALL proceeds from this three-day event, the first weekend in August, to Beachcombers to help repair their roof.  If any of you have danced at Beachcombers hall, it’s wonderful.  The wood floors are wonderful to dance on, and the beautiful coast line has multiple site to visit while there.  Battle Rock weekend is Labor Day every year, where we dance in the surf on Saturday morning, camp out at the hall on a beautiful grassy area, play cards in the hall during non-dancing times, and have fun with fellow dancers.  The Sunday morning breakfast is restaurant style, site down and be served. Rogue Sis Q Council would like to help them keep their hall going and are challenging anyone and everyone to have a benefit dance to help a club in need.

Hope to see everyone at Summer Festival, the 3 older grandkids and I will be there running around working.

Lorri McIntosh   
President OFSRDC
