Finally we have made it through spring and are now into summer, and we are still dealing with the pandemic as best we can.  More outside activities are good for the body and soul.  There is excitement in the air.  Whether you have your vaccine or not, I hope you are feeling great about the possibility of dancing again.  Getting back to “Normal” and dancing with our friends is what we have so missed, socially.

When you hear the words “square up” will you panic and wonder if you can still remember the calls?  Just relax and enjoy yourself; square dancing is fun.    Take a refresher lesson and start out slowly.  Keep a positive attitude and encourage one another, rather than being critical.  Enjoy the blessings of once again dancing with your friends.  Being ever mindful of the Covid rules demonstrates respect for everyone involved.  You aren’t the only one who has lived through over a year of a pandemic that has caused our activity and many others to come to a screeching halt.

Sadly, square dancing numbers have been diminishing over the years in most parts of the country. However, the pandemic doesn’t have to lead to our activity’s demise.  This is a wonderful opportunity to promote our hobby by taking advantage of people’s desire to be involved in non-threatening, social activities like square and round dancing.  We know so much of society is eager to socialize once again after enduring such a long isolation.  We encourage callers and dancer leaders to “think outside the square” and work on new ideas for marketing our hobby to those who never before thought about square dancing.

Normally, as Federation President, I would have been visiting around the state, attending dances and festivals.  Since that’s not the case, the only thing going on is Zoom meetings for the councils and clubs.  If you would like me to attend one of your Zoom meetings, send me your link and I’ll do my best to log in and join your meeting.  I’m sure you are all being proactive and working on ideas for getting started with your classes and square and round dances.  I would like to be involved and help from the Federation level if possible.

Swing Your Partner………Into Summer.   
Gary Clark, OFSRDC President
