July is an excellent month to start promoting your fall square and round dance lessons.  Be sure to add your current lesson’s flyer in the OFN by updating your club’s OFN Lessons section on the Federation website. In addition to advertising in the OFN, you can make use of Social Media.  For example, you can put your flyer on your club’s Facebook page, on the Oregon Federation of Square and Round Dance Club’s Facebook page, on your local community bulletin board or even put an ad on Craig’s List.  You can also contact your local newspaper and ask them to write a story about your club. Before contacting the editor, think about something that would be considered a human interest story that might intrigue a reporter such as having a multi-generational family dancing in your club, or if you have several youth in your club who are also involved in other extracurricular activities, or someone who has been dancing for over 50 years, or about a special demonstration dance you are planning or a dance for a charity that you may be planning.  You can also go on-line with the local public radio or TV station to submit your flyer for consideration for posting on their bulletin boards.  You might also consider posting your flyer in a local Community College while summer school is still in session or in coffee shops.  If your hall is close to a residential area, trying printing your flyers 4 to a page and take them around to the houses in your area, placing them halfway under the door mat or in doors if you’d rather not knock on doors.  The small size is less expensive and will still attract attention. However you decide to promote your lessons, good luck.  I hope that all of you have a very successful class with enthusiastic students.

Hope you have a fun summer dancing – check out some of the dances in this issue and go out and make new friends.

Kathy Roberts  
OFSRDC President