Tim and I attended another weekend festival for the first time last month.  We spent Labor Day in Port Orford for the Beachcombers’ Battlerock Festival with a great group of people and fun activities. Tim baked his first pie under Patty Cooper’s tutelage and even won 2nd place AND the People’s Choice Award!!!  I hope that you have all had a chance to attend at least one new weekend festival this summer.  We are hoping to attend at least one more weekend festival this year.

I am so happy to be working with the great group of the OFSRDC delegates, officers, dancers, callers, and cuers who are working on 2019 Oregon Summer Festival.  This is definitely an Oregon Festival and is going to be an outstanding!  I have to give you a sneak preview of some of our plans…..Summer Festival 2019 will kick off with a Trail’s End Dance on July 18 at the Salem Square Dance Center.  The Caller MC will be Chuck Simpkins from Southern Oregon with Cuer MC Leonard Snodgrass from Northern Oregon.  On Friday, July 19th we will be dancing on the Oregon Capitol Steps with Caller Leonard Snodgrass.  After lunch and a couple hour break, Summer Festival will open at the Blanchet Catholic School in Salem, OR.  Our featured caller will be Michael Kellogg from California.  Our featured cuer will be MaryAnn Callahan, also from California.  During the next 3 days – the weekend will be packed full of dancing fun and activities – there will be Rounds, Mainstream, Plus, Advanced, workshops, games, after parties, youth activities, open mic opportunities, a Heavenly Hoedown, vendors, and more.  Be sure to mark your calendars!

This is my last article for the President’s Corner.  In a few short days, we will be installing your new State President, Lorri McIntosh.  It has been my honor to serve as your OFSRDC President, and I would like to thank all of the Officers and Delegates for their time and dedication to the OFSRDC, clubs, councils, dancers, callers, and cuers in throughout Oregon. Best wishes to Lorri and the new board.  I know you will do a great job!

See you on the dance floor  
Kathy Roberts
